# ARoundtheworld

## Project description

This repository contains the code for the interoperable multiuser AR application **ARoundTheWorld**, which was tested in 3 schools by 44 students in 2023.
The repository is intended as a tool for researchers who want to test the application or use it as a staring point to build their own multiuser AR application on several hardware platform, or combining web and native implementations.

## Project content
This projects contains two applications: a Unity app and a Web app made with Angular 2.

Start by downloading the repository with the following command:

```
git clone git@github.com:tv-vicomtech/ARoundtheworld.git
```

To deploy the apps, follow the README files in each project folder.

Additionally, [in this folder](./generate_questions/) there is the small web app that can be used to generate questions for the app (and automatically compute the answer), as well as the JSON files with the questions used during the evaluations.

### Dependencies
* You will need to have a running Orkestra Server instance using the code from a specific branch, which is located in https://github.com/tv-vicomtech/orkestraServer/tree/feat/arete and published under the LGPL-3.0 license. Follow the instructions there to deploy it on the desired machine.

* In order to collect the statements generated by the apps, you will also need a deployed instance of a Learning Record Store (LRS). In our case, the app was tested with the learninglocker service, which can be located at https://github.com/LearningLocker/learninglocker. Follow the instructions there to deploy it.
